The metric.
Ballaria?
Ballaria.
Hey, hey, oh, I caught her.
I'm the person, I'm the original.
Just to do, Ben, from this controller is set.
To do, Ben.
Hey, hey, hey, no.
Saying how it,
this one I should recognize in the video.
Oh, it's the impact,
I wanted to see it in the end.
And I thought how it was about your own.
It's a very important thing, it's a wonderful thing.
It doesn't happen.
I always thought it was a car.
I've never been a car.
But I've never done anything,
so I thought I'd be able to get married again.
All the good ideas throughout.
I've never seen the same things.
On that side, you're not even looking at me.
No care.
You're just so bad.
I will never be to hell with you.